For the Sokoban problem, the defined planner P1 is a complete algorithm.
First let's prove the completeness of another algorithm P2.
This algorithm will look at each possible up/down/left/right movement of the
robot.
Let a state be defined as the tuple of the robot position and the set of ball
positions.
Let the directed graph G=(V,A) define which state transitions exist with unitary
weighted edges.
When A* is applied to G with cost heuristics which are pure functions of the
underlying map and the state, then each node may only be visited a finite
number of times as a node is only visited if it is done so with a lower cost
as the triangle inequality holds under this unitary weighted graph.
This upper bound is given by O(|A|).
Thus given the above constraints, all connected states will be visited in
O(|A|) worst case and by detecting if the goal state has been reached or not,
it can be said if the problem has any solution.

With this established, the used algorithm is a restricted version of above
which produces a reduced state directed graph G2=(V2,A2) which maintains
connectivity with respect to the goal state.
The first graph simplification is to remove any subgraphs which cannot
feasibly reach the goal state.
In all presented problems it is assumed that the number of balls is equal to
the number of goals.
Thus if one or more balls enters a configuration where a ball at a non-goal
space cannot decrease its distance to a goal under all permutations of movable
balls, then the goal state cannot be reached.
Thus this subgraph originating at the vertex representing this state cannot be
connected to the goal and eliminating it does not alter the graph
connectivity.
The second graph simplification is to merge states under which the ball exists
within the same subspace and the balls are at identical positions.
Let the new state S2 be the subspace of the robot and the ball positions.
Let G3=(V3,A3) be G2 with vertices merged when their S2 representation is
identical and with duplicate directed edged in A3 eliminated.
If there was a connected path in G2, then there must be a connected path in G3
as the path can be expressed by merging identical path steps from the solution
in G2 and by definition the merged edges will exist.
If there was not a connected path in G2, then there must not be a path in G3,
as that would require an edge A to connect the subgraph that the solution
exists in and the subgraph that is accessible in G2.
No such edge exists in A and by definition any two nodes that are merged in G3
are connected, thus there cannot exist an edge A in G3.

Given the proof of completeness of the full problem under A* and the lemmas of
identical connectivity with respect to the starting state and the goal state,
this algorithm is complete.
